okay brothers and sisters my name is
Antonio Jews episode i'm here to help
translating what this Christians came
from the United States and try to
translate I try to help them and this is
pastor zem arielle office and this is
Felix this is his wife 62 median and
they may think is this about 25 years
ago he was a deacon at the church in
Fortaleza and so he moved over here and
the young guy came over to him speaking
in prophecy saying that some people from
foreign land would come to help
built many temples here in this town let
me try the state of ceará and
everything is happening pastor Jimmy
came in August now he brought three
friends so they bought cement bricks
tiles would everything to build as many
as possible churches we spent all
morning long yesterday working putting
up the roof we work at him we had a lot
of fun working and with all kinds of
happiness that we could have to help
brothers building churches and we went
out many places in the country pray and
worship with brothers and sisters it was
very nice ok just qualified you
different we shall remedy offense my
school my name is pastor you sir Mario
fallax visions as Tony out my portal is
actually another creation he wasn't
personal fertilizer for 15 years marsh
women's hospital is awesome we built
almost churches didn't work I was a
pastor the pollution 11 languages on my
side
and we I was advanced years at the
church were there were there were 700
members he might have MTG love you
we got a challenge to come over here
young home as in the deals we had God
promises
thank you come when we when I got here
being my wife that ain't with the field
was only with one church no church in
the country only they used they used to
pray in somebody's house please how's
that for me they had to know they moved
from one place to another place the trip
time to get along with not with the
people with the climate and energy thank
you three come with the smooth fun
tonight we had to stop going to college
just to do the work of God pathological
fear my son's college I had to stop
paying money let's pull my wife's job
she had to stop working just help me
bridgely work this
at the beginning was very hard did I not
pass sound okay so get along with I
splendid there was something in school
on Monday but went God sands he would
take care of everything amen god
we like a NASA engineer by training of
God we build the Air Force church a
young romance and he might not Callum
saw we had a promise from God that we
would not be alone a busy one of lies
about 25 years ago there was temple and
who knows God had talked to be the
prophecy given you my story special
duties noise that some people some
Christians would come by and help us
from foreign countries Indians aha and
they would help us mr. club on in this
work he projected it is against the
glass project is big big he was made us
important but with the humans we don't
have that much but we believe that we
can do it because this come spend so
many times we did ask to God God how is
that gonna be it showed up we pray and
cry to Cynthia's good and we felt like
many many face not only body paint
missing something on one leg like the
name like a woman that's ready for work
would have a baby in Philippi and she
doesn't have evolved she doesn't have
this strength put the baby out I did the
grants and something school but God gave
us 11 for me Haitian seal and they had
got sent friends people to help us we do
not even know who they were my word I
mean words of comfort you would you like
them especially today we have pastor
Jamie Mother's Day mom and we also have
the brothers tomorrow that money to be
made for us is a great happiness my
presentation to someone like you with
your presence loved ones
nice get it filled now what is good
we love he has the main headquarters
charge plus 16 churches sounds like ya
go examine seasickness they've been here
for two years and six months two years
and six months dielsport in your sink
rinse all business so we thank you God
because God has only many big things
David many people families put together
again they were all little time on you
like a sandwich it's helpful and
Paciorek do that won't you do gotta
figure out this is God's hand operating
okay people and I strip dismissed
underwear in the GRT he gets happy
because her he was Stewart victim they
was talking pre my god goddess with
regular star contest in many things has
happened I happy his son piece that put
and we all know that's God's operating
something's Canada Cynthia we have to
figure yeah it's an old Nelson and for
those ones who have a me my name is
Lillian I'm his wife can I help him for
me is such as a great happiness to
receive your brothers in our house you
see my father you see the brass grab on
I feel like with more strength for God's
work and also feel me the money you did
you see my other metals needed our faith
our faith increases as long as we work
in God's work
God prophecies has shown and everything
was said set my mind to aid us pepper
vegetable I think that for you guys
coming
we would not we would not like to say
goodbye we would like for you to stay I
don't know Gotye families and their
homeland see my photography Virgin
Islands well you make it please yes it
was said before beginning was real hard
for me I had to resign man defends my
job I had my son had to quit going to
school because there was the money but
we feel we did you react very happy to
make God's work number things back on my
son's going to this a mudra body she
left her job and to layer from faith God
never let being run out that's why I she
see that hands-on Brady and that's why
she's so happy amen basement flashtool I
would like to send like a big heart to
you what did to your family's memories
because below that you are my brother
our brothers god bless you all the main
I get a minus a few love it we also
would like to say yeah thank you very
much mr. Moses and that all kinds of
help that you gave you all gave us was
very very good
hey Deann
and to say to you all that our doors are
always open for you Oh promise whenever
you feel like coming down guys come on
now baby will be happy to receive you
without hope outsiders on what happen
we're praying for God to give rocky and
go frightful brother grolly to my radio
woman was always watching you do not
Tara and I would like to say hello to
everybody from North Carolina well I
went to college over there and at
murfreesboro at show in college connects
to yumthang to get back to take some
risk oh that's gonna help me out pay
everything I great still because i could
not pay but i'm sure what i'm reading
them that God has provided yes earlier
everything what's the biggest challenge
with the Air Medal well my odds a few of
us what's the biggest challenge this
challenge show you something that's
always a personal message
don't forget the civic is problem I mean
the biggest challenge right now the
actual says this they have 16 churches
month he has to keep 16 churches to take
care of and as I said before we'll used
to be in somebody's house they prayed
somebody's house and he feels most of
them and the great grands challenge here
now is how to build the temples and also
other thing is all okay and also to
preach the Word of God this is one of
the greatest biggest challenge they will
have schools to teach Kristin's and also
new Christians in the side of the church
in some of the new temples by Scola like
a package for you same spot
musculature okay go like on Monday night
we went to a church real small church
and the roof is coming down because
termites but here are feeling outwards
and we all thought this there needs a
church as quick as possible
here in town they dont have space they
are looking for it's like like a real
estate you by work a house they can do
because they stayed sleep that is only
one church and everybody can do because
everybody they have cars in this place
about eighty percent for ninety percent
of the members they don't have it hard
so he has to build churches about 34
miles away from the headquarters okay
sniffing there if it has like a deeper
taking care of see one of the things
that we would like to say as a part of
the group that came down to help this
pasta Z Maya is that we found so much
love and compassion towards these our
brothers and sisters in Brazil we all
have felt the great need to continue a
relationship and and so what we will be
doing is not only through prayer through
our gifts we will try to continue our
efforts in helping and in our love will
always continue with you as a as a
people some of Oceanography month as you
what are signs and as as days come and
go our thoughts and mine will be with
you and helping you I don't imagine dr.
day and also that the people of Brazil
will remember us in our prayers and our
struggles worst enemy physiologically
what I do discussing your Apple noise
and even though maybe not the same
problems but we have problems of these
numbers miss from them
and these things from them so much
prayer is needed in every direction so
society one of those monthly assembly
from on my fellow man so we thank you
for giving us our opportunity I got a
sense we've been talking divided feel I
goodbye to have come and worship with
you Ivy you're not always safe and to
share with you the gifts of our many
people who gave I'm just as discussed
assorted young and so as the days go by
we will continue our efforts to help
haha that was a couple vision loss
fighters with the student your life so
at this time maybe we could have a
prayer and brother Rocky if you would
pray with these our brothers and sisters
and not closing oh yeah
ok
let us pray dear Heavenly Father we bow
before thee O Lord we give honor and
trains and the gold by the Holy Name
thankful for these opportunities that
night as employee does we might be able
to help see these our brothers and
sisters in Brazil as we come bring in
the kitchens that is been given up diet
many people we thank you for that you
will now take these gifts and that I
will intensify and you will strengthen
them you will make of what I would
happen to be Lord has the churches that
are erected because of the gifts that
have been given Lord will give praise
and honor and glorify your Holy Name in
them we ask now that I blessings upon
this our dear sister as she has asked
for a special prayer and Lord that you
might ever be mindful of her needs her
and her past or husband we ask that you
would help them to be able to overcome
many obstacles that will face them as
they come before you the Lord we're
going to trust you were gonna you know
praise you we will glorify will believe
that everything that I've said that will
believe now we asked I blessings upon
this house this household bless this
family and Lord we ask that thou
whatever be mindful if their needs as
they could for doing good work of the
Lord the Lord now bless us as brothers
and sisters in Christ even though
there's much waters between us what I
love so crops is and will always be with
these our friends now bless us O Lord he
would continue to wait upon thee in the
name of the Father name of the song name
of the Holy Spirit amen been good
ok